recsel: add page (#4309)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/recsel.md

# recsel

> > Print records from a human-editable, plain text database called a recfile.
> > More information <https://www.gnu.org/software/recutils/manual/recutils.html>.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Print records from a recfile: a human-editable, plain text database.
> See also `guix`.
> More information <https://www.gnu.org/software/recutils/manual/recutils.html>.
```

Author: I agree with that :+1: I'll add commands for `guix` later; I noticed there are no tldr pages for that.

Author: I've removed the `guix` examples, so now the command uses a "{{data.rec}}" which I think is more clearer. So we won't need *See also `guix`*

> - Extract name and version field from the output of guix:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Extract name and version field from the output of `guix`:
```

> `guix package -s malloc | recsel -p name,version`

Reviewer: What can be changed here? We should wrap it in the `{{token_syntax}}` so that tldr clients know and can highlight it as such.

Same goes for all the other examples.

Also, generally we don't showcase the usage of more than 1 command on a page. e.g. on this page we would _only_ have examples of the `recsel` command. If possible, it would be great to refactor this page a bit there, but if not it should be fine. This seems like an exception if 1 command can't be used without the other :-)

Author: I've removed all references from guix and used a *{{data.rec}}* instead.

> `guix package -s malloc | recsel -p name,version`

Reviewer: What can be changed here? We should wrap it in the `{{token_syntax}}` so that tldr clients know and can highlight it as such.

Same goes for all the other examples.

Also, generally we don't showcase the usage of more than 1 command on a page. e.g. on this page we would _only_ have examples of the `recsel` command. If possible, it would be great to refactor this page a bit there, but if not it should be fine. This seems like an exception if 1 command can't be used without the other :-)

Author: So I've removed all references for `guix` since you can definitely use `recsel` without `guix`.
